hey guys you're looking at the brand new
lenovo killer note that lenovo india
announced today and we are doing some
quick gameplay now remember we are doing
it for what influenza which is not a
very demanding game because we did not
have time at the launch here to install
large games like modern combat 5 or s
fault eight of FIFA 15 and such we're
going to do those gameplays the more
demanding game gameplay game plays when
this device comes to our lab for full
review but for now our foot ninjas
playing quite smoothly although not at
the speed and I've seen on other devices
may be of a similar price but it's still
it's smooth and much less is a almost
real time you know maybe there's just a
fraction of second of delay but overall
it's fine we'll move to the next game
which is called beach buggy blitz a lot
of you have requested me to review with
the subway surfer and some of the other
games maybe I'll do that in future so
the movie does not lag any frame as such
for now
so let's get started a text way to find
their dark you know they're solid enough
i am the water droplets here see they
look real enough
again you can see that it's not moving
at a space that it generally does in
some of the other phones but it's moving
smoothly there is no lag sj's no
skipping of frame as such but overall I
think that you frame rate is just a tad
slower uniformly across both the games
that are played but overall yeah smooth
gameplay thank you